PART I: DATA STRUCTURE DESIGN : 5.0 POINTS
==========================================

First, let's talk about one specific RSS feed: Google News. The URL for the Google News feed is:

http://news.google.com/?output=rss

If you try to load this URL in your browser, you'll probably see your browser's interpretation of the XML code generated by the feed. You can view the XML source with your browser's "View Page Source" function, though it probably will not make much sense to you. Abstractly, whenever you connect to the Google News RSS feed, you receive a list of items. Each entry in this list represents a single news item. In a Google News feed, every entry has the following fields:

 - guid : A globally unique identifier for this news story.
 - title : The news story's headline.
 - subject : A subject tag for this story (e.g. 'Top Stories', or 'Sports').
 - summary : A paragraph or so summarizing the news story.
 - link : A link to a web-site with the entire story.

Generalizing the Problem
------------------------

This is a little trickier than we'd like it to be, because each of these RSS feeds is structured a little bit differently than the others. So, our goal in Part I is to come up with a unified, standard representation that we'll use to store a news story.

Why do we want this? When all is said and done, we want an application that aggregates several RSS feeds from various sources and can act on all of them in the exact same way: we should be able to read news stories from various RSS feeds all in one place. If you've ever used an RSS feed reader, be assured that it has had to solve the exact problem we're going to tackle in this pset!

PROBLEM 1
---------

Parsing is the process of turning a data stream into a structured format that is more convenient to work with. We have provided you with code that will retrieve and parse the Google and Yahoo news feeds.

Parsing all of this information from the feeds that Google/Yahoo/the New York Times/etc. gives us is no small feat. So, let's tackle an easy part of the problem first: Pretend that someone has already done the specific parsing, and has left you with variables that contain the following information for a news story:

 - globally unique identifier (GUID) - a string that serves as a unique name for this entry
 - title - a string
 - subject - a string
 - summary - a string
 - link to more content - a string

We want to store this information in an object that we can then pass around in the rest of our program. Your task, in this problem, is to write a class, NewsStory, starting with a constructor that takes (guid, title, subject, summary, link) as arguments and stores them appropriately. NewsStory also needs to contain the following methods:

    getGuid(self)
    getTitle(self)
    getSubject(self)
    getSummary(self)
    getLink(self)

Each method should return the apprpriate element of an instance. For example, if we have implemented the class and call

    test = NewsStory('foo', 'myTitle', 'mySubject', 'some long summary', 'www.example.com')

then test.getGuid() will return foo.

The solution to this problem should be relatively short and very straightforward (please review what get methods should do if you find yourself writing multiple lines of code for each). Once you have implemented NewsStory all the NewsStory test cases should work.

To test your class definition, we have provided a test suite in ps6_test.py. You can test your code by loading and running this file. You should see an "OK" for the NewsStory tests if your code is correct. Because ps6.py contains code to run the full RSS scraping system, we suggest you do not try to run ps6.py directly to test your implementation. Instead, in IDLE, you can do the following:

    >>> from ps6 import *
    >>> test = ps6.NewsStory('foo', 'myTitle', 'mySubject', 'some long summary', 'www.example.com')

to load in then run your own tests on your class definitions.
